c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\bin\Debug\SurfaceMap.exe.config
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\bin\Debug\SurfaceMap.exe
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\bin\Debug\SurfaceMap.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.dll
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.dll
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.dll
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.xml
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.xml
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.xml
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\obj\Debug\SurfaceMap.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\obj\Debug\SurfaceMap_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\obj\Debug\SurfaceMap.g.resources
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\obj\Debug\SurfaceMap.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\obj\Debug\SurfaceMap.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\obj\Debug\SurfaceMap.exe
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\obj\Debug\SurfaceMap.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\obj\Debug\SurfaceMap_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\obj\Debug\SurfaceMap.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\bin\Debug\Ag86100_A_10_60.dll
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SurfaceMap\SurfaceMap\bin\Debug\Ag86100_A_10_60.xml
